JinSoul: Hello~
JinSoul: This is Soul PD
JinSoul: I'm' JinSoul~
JInSoul: 97s?
HaSeul: 97s!
JinSoul: 97s~
JinSoul: 97s, gather up here!
HaSeul: Each unit's member born in 1997
HaSeul: LOOΠΔ 1/3!
JinSoul: LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE~
Yves: Eden~
JinSoul: Hi~
JinSoul: Our...
JinSoul: Two shot...
JinSoul: This is our first time to get a two-shot, right?
HyunJin: No, we did in Hong Kong...
JinSoul: Oh, right. We did when we were in Hong Kong~
JinSoul: And I went with members when YeoJin made a making film
JinSoul: But the scene didn't come out!
HyunJin: Yes~
JinSoul: I had black hair at that time.
JinSoul: HyunJin told me that we look similar each other!
HyunJin: Yes~
JinSoul: Right?
HyunJin: Absolutely
JinSoul: That's the reason why I dyed my hair!
HyunJin: Oh~ now I understand what that was about~
JinSoul: How do you think? Do we really look similar?
(How do you think? Tell us your thought about it!)
HyunJin: I think we look really similar, JinSoul!
JinSoul: Really?
JinSoul: I like it!
HyunJin: I like it too~
JinSoul: Good!